more
the add-on too static and without ideas wm-blog
with Kreisliga level with and international had live out here today
He is happy to be part of the peace because on average straight distress against misery
That's why we do not look at New Zealand versus Slovakia
every Sunday in the camera and therefore not particularly loses but we have
on Sunday also saw proper football sitting over entertained guys
against Australia that was beautiful or not
I see approval
Picture AP or donations and data the other findings from this game
a first result is
the German team he can quite wonderful forward faster
play if Michael Ballack you are not there pirouettes around yourself
turns around the ball to Mertesacker fits in that way
especially since I have bad Ronald but also seen on this wonderful day
January the two towering real outside wings named Dumas Müller
we see in the alone nine targeted attacks has staged that are double
as many as the middle and the left outside together and I have to say
he
he seems he stands on the world stage more still plays than he does in
Jabaliya and would in Kulmbach he leaves a play under recommends
he Thomas Müller the first wm appearance if he excels
So, too, or have you really noticed her Misano week?
very positive in the games
Overall, the German team is 90 minutes 86 points
APA played who are one-percent filled
players
to EWE and that creates at times like but shameless only an action as whole
Spain is being hailed, let me say Tom
Olibet ship
Member of the city hall again only connect but also which was the
Look is of course overwhelmed on Friday comes the much heavier
Opponents Serbia
punktum
In the year the last game is a while ago that was towards the end of May 2008 Deuser
Serbia then we have scored 2 2 1 scorers was Michael Ballack and
Olli was Delay even if that was not our earthquake now
Team around both nevertheless assures such attacks with a deserved
but good as with the caretakers Zeugwarts Schaaf sparred Wednesday 10
Hopeful successors to watch this game will absolutely get fuller
Hope anyway but always above all, still the number one in the series
then looks a really warm heart is pretty embarrassed Soldo
that's the second sentence kept the keeper at Google Earth the ceiling and what in
the direction
The past season had exactly 6 games he whistled for
and has scored 12 goals in six games to Lucas percent
become
with Nero 11 I think he wanted to say more
Houdini Deal a yes that's a store even if the defensive specifically that
Showpiece of Sabine Schmitt should like
How does Schuster Hotel Sheraton go about becoming a Polar?
Karlsruhe understandable
Hopeful for years he drove the draw but of course I believe in itself
anyway, the Serbs should
the evening after the fall went a man
Tel yes in the middle process of this at Stankowitz place played time at Inter
Milan he contested Italy Chamis we still put hot water
the forester has won
Kober of the Ems Spain does not matter
sda yes and that has meanwhile already three national wm tournament part
that dares to become whopping 19 8 90 for Yugoslavia 2006 in Germany for percent
and Leo and yes as I said on the 10th for Serbia because I think I can not
Players claim themselves in this world and so the performance of one
So be careful and the finished shell for the deGUT careful therefore
German - Houses go but I still think that in the end for the victory
would be enough
yes, even if he can handle a particularly dangerous one in the storm
Emma provided Pantelis but is approached before the percent
He would have scored about three times in the first match
Inside already for safe discovered but the core brand from ddr times and l
stay like you are rare what new badge and will never meet
yes it is cloudless one thing else still a small award yet
Australia's game actually wanted to be the biggest troupe of the game freestyle with the
black-red-golden Rose Garden the western part created player found
or Kik the musicians for it
his siblings else
if basement pregnant women CERN yes the danger a conductor frets it's all about
Kuranyi "Of course, as always percent." He's always up for that
worst Alfred what bad good I have so long
from the porthole we see ourselves bad or sex because of you
Calden the reasons
Uphusen Millar Weißig enters the middle of Venizelos is definitely I want
I say Alaska read
Unna were when students in the morning
say goodbye then say the companies give warm thanks we look forward
us on Serbia but also there coaches that looked terrible
really cheer please
that except the land allowed her to be at Lola Tampa Bay's
Many thanks again for kicking Cognis Week again
because it is said she began to say her ex. Decisions are still
in the square according to Germany
Schland
Roche country
Hallelujah
Yes Hello Mr. C I come here to "% Stammtisch virtuoso the football block
with another vigil running
normally it is allowed to notice calmly once per
collected like that
we are here today
as always and hello Niko and London silver on the camera are acting
from the funky glee look evil around the world he saw Lacaba
Dr